the fourth book of Moses called numbers
[Music]
now the Lord spoke to Moses in the
wilderness of Sinai in the tabernacle of
meeting on the first day of the second
month in the second year after they had
come out of the land of Egypt take a
census of all the congregation of the
children of Israel by their families by
their fathers houses according to the
number of names every male individual
from twenty years old and above all who
are able to go to war in Israel you and
Aaron shall number them by their armies
and with you there shall be a man from
every tribe each one the head of his
father's house these are the names of
the men who shall stand with you from
Reuben Eliza the son of shittier from
Simeon Shalom and the son of szura
shadow from judith Nachshon the son of a
monadic from Ithaca
Nathanael the son of zoo from Zebulon
Eliab the son of healing from the sons
of Joseph from Ephraim Elisha the son of
a my
from Manasa Gamaliel the son of pedasi
from Benjamin abide on the son of Gideon
I from Dan a hyzer the son of a Misha
died from Asha pay Gil the son of
Aughrim from gap al iossef the son of
doom from NAFTA ly a Hiram
the son of Enoch these were chosen from
the congregation leaders of their
fathers tribes heads of the divisions in
Israel
then Moses and Aaron took these men who
had been mentioned by name and they
assembled all the congregation together
on the first day of the second month and
they recited their ancestry by families
by their fathers houses according to the
number of names from 20 years old and
above each one individually as the LORD
commanded Moses so he numbered them in
the wilderness of Sinai now the children
of Reuben Israel's oldest son their
genealogies by their families by their
father's house according to the number
of names every male individually from 20
years old and above all who were able to
go to war those who were numbered of the
tribe of Reuben were 46,500
from the children of simeon their
genealogies by their families by their
father's house of those who were
numbered according to the number of
names every male individually from 20
years old and above all who were able to
go to war those who were numbered of the
tribe of simeon were fifty nine thousand
three hundred
from the children of GAD their
genealogies by their families by their
father's house according to the number
of names from 20 years old and above all
who are able to go to war those who are
numbered of the tribe of GAD were forty
five thousand six hundred and fifty from
the children of Judah their genealogies
by their families by their father's
house according to the number of names
from 20 years old and above all who were
able to go to war those who are numbered
of the tribe of Judah were seventy four
thousand six hundred from the children
of Asaka their genealogies by their
families by their father's house
according to the number of names from 20
years old and above all who were able to
go to war those who were numbered of the
tribe of Issachar were fifty four
thousand four hundred from the children
of Zebulun their genealogies by their
families by their father's house
according to the number of names from 20
years old and above all who are able to
go to war those who are numbered of the
tribe of Zebulun were fifty-seven
thousand four hundred from the sons of
joseph the children of Ephraim their
genealogies by their families by their
father's house according to the number
of names from 20 years old and above all
who were able to go to war
those who are numbered of the tribe of
Ephraim were 40,500
from the children of Manasseh their
genealogies by their families by their
father's house according to the number
of names from 20 years old and above all
who were able to go to war those who are
numbered of the tribe of Manasseh
were thirty two thousand two hundred
from the children of Benjamin their
genealogies by their families by their
father's house according to the number
of names from 20 years old and above all
who were able to go to war those who are
numbered of the tribe of Benjamin were
thirty-five thousand four hundred from
the children of Dan their genealogies by
their families by their father's house
according to the number of names from 20
years old and above all who were able to
go to war those who were numbered of the
tribe of Dan was sixty-two thousand
seven hundred from the children of ash'
their genealogies by their families by
their father's house according to the
number of names from 20 years old and
above all who were able to go to war
those who are numbered of the tribe of
Asher were forty one thousand five
hundred from the children of Naphtali
their genealogies by their families by
their father's house according to the
number of names from 20 years old and
above all who were able to go to war
those who were numbered of the tribe of
Naphtali were 53 thousand four hundred
these are the ones who were numbered who
Moses and Aaron numbered with the
leaders of Israel twelve men each one
representing his father's house so all
who were numbered of the children of
Israel by their fathers houses from 20
years old and above all who were able to
go to war in Israel
Oh who were numbered where six hundred
and three thousand five hundred and
fifty but the Levites were not numbered
among them by their father's tribe for
the Lord had spoken to Moses only the
tribe of Levi
you shall not number nor take a census
of them among the children of Israel but
you shall appoint the Levites over the
tabernacle of the testimony over all its
furnishings and over all things that
belong to it they shall carry the
tabernacle and all its furnishings they
shall attend to it and camp around the
tabernacle and when the tabernacle is to
go forward the Levites shall take it
down and when the tabernacle is to be
set up the Levites shall set it up the
outsider who comes near shall be put to
death the children of Israel shall pitch
their tents every one by his own camp
every one by his own standard according
to their armies but the Levites shall
camp around the tabernacle of the
testimony that there may be no wrath on
the congregation of the children of
Israel and the Levites shall keep charge
of the tabernacle of the testimony thus
the children of Israel did according to
all that the LORD commanded Moses so
they did
[Music]